if you have a child or maybe at one time
you were a child which I assume you were
then you were probably familiar with a
place called Sesame Street Sesame Street
is now in its 47th season they put the
new episodes on HBO I grew up with
Sesame Street it's how I learned to eat
cookies the way I do I decided to invite
myself to visit a while I was there to
do a little bit of what we call
educating - well I know you've all heard
letters like a is you excuse me Timothy
but I do not believe you is a letter yes
it is a letter I made it up look right
here you Oh mommy Dinky crazy oh you're
not crazy you guys are crazy you've been
singing about the same 26 letters for 47
years you know how many times T has been
the letter of the day 648 times so I
made up a new one it's you were sorry
yeah there's a Yukon and ukulele only
cookie you know you could use it in your
song you is free okey that's good enough
you know you know what make it to get
back to you are not 1 but where does uke
go in the alphabet good question it
comes out to Z goes W X Y Z
and you it's like a surprise twist
ending yeah they are gonna have to learn
but that's why I wrote a song about it
would you like to hear it oh actually no
the song and I think it'll be a lot
clearer okay
it's about you there's a cool little guy
you may not have met
he's the 27th letter of the alphabet
I'll tell you all about him you don't
need to beg he looks like a you but
we're the weird little leg he's a
personal guy no one is better because
he's a number as well as a ladder wait
you oh yeah I forgot to mention that you
cos a number two number two and it's the
best one yet because it's very new sing
along everybody that's the best part
about it it's totally made up so you can
say anything you want
I call it lying but yeah you can put you
jump on your wall
uuugh is good to eat I think you is
really neat it's a great
[Music]
Sesame Street is everyday on HBO family
and PBS get do you love clicking buttons
and subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy